.TH PROXYSQL 1
.SH NAME
proxysql \- High Performance Advanced Proxy for MySQL
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B proxysql
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B proxysql
is a high performance, high availability, protocol aware proxy for
MySQL and forks (like Percona Server and MariaDB).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-config " "\fIARG\fR
Configuration file.
By default, the proxy looks for the config file in the following locations (in this exact order):
.RS
.IP \[bu] 2
`proxysql.cnf`, in the directory of the proxysql binary
.IP \[bu]
`proxysql.cfg`, in the directory of the proxysql binary
.IP \[bu]
`/etc/proxysql.cnf`
.IP \[bu]
`/etc/proxysql.cfg`
.RE
.IP
 This setting allows you to override the configuration file, and specify a custom location.
.TP
.BR \-D ", " \-\-datadir " "\fIARG\fR
The data directory is where the proxy keeps its running files:
.RS
.IP \[bu] 2
the SQLite database which stores the runtime configuration for the proxy
.IP \[bu]
the pidfile
.IP \[bu]
the log files
.RE
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-exit-on-error
Do not restart ProxySQL if crashes.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-foreground
Run the daemon process in the foreground.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-help ", " \-\-help ", " \-\-usage
Display usage instructions.
.TP
.BR \-M ", " \-\-no-monitor
Do not start Monitor Module.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-no-start
Starts only the admin service, which helps to configure the daemon. This will
not accept any traffic until the daemon is started from the admin interface.
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-reuseport
Use SO_REUSEPORT.
.TP
.BR \-S ", " \-\-admin-socket " "\fIARG\fR
Administration Unix Socket.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print the current version of ProxySQL.
.TP
.BR \-\-initial
Reset the admin database with the content from the configuration file.
.TP
.BR \-\-reload
Merge the configuration from the config file with the current runtime database.
.SH SEE ALSO
https://github.com/sysown/proxysql/tree/master/doc -- Online documentation
.SH FILES
.TP
.BR /etc/proxysql.cnf
Configuration file.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by René Cannaò.
.SH BUG REPORTS
If you find a bug, please report it at <https://github.com/sysown/proxysql/issues>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2013-2017 René Cannaò.
This program is free and without warranty.
